Add Installation and Getting Started docs (#120)
Oneflow-Inc/libai: docs/source/tutorials/Installation.md

# Installation
According to different needs, LiBai supports two installation modes:

> - [Use as a library](#use-libai-as-a-python-library): In this mode, you can use LiBai as a Python package and build your own project on top of it.

Reviewer: 这里的`on top of it`语法有点奇怪..  我感觉直接删掉可能更好

Reviewer 2: <img width="739" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19245504/154408336-cae7df3c-881c-475f-9535-72acf8f4e00a.png">
应该天和参考了这里

Author: 确实感觉Base on 会好一些，我改一下

> According to different needs, LiBai supports two installation modes:
> - [Use as a library](#use-libai-as-a-python-library): In this mode, you can call LiBai's APIs or import LiBai's Module in your own project.
> - [Build from source](#build-libai-from-source): In this mode, you can develop your own project based on LiBai's framework.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
LiBai provides two installation modes to meet different needs:

- [Use as a library](#use-libai-as-a-python-library) to call LiBai's APIs or import LiBai's Module in your own project.
- [Build from source](#build-libai-from-source) to develop your own project based on LiBai's framework.

```

> - [Build from source](#build-libai-from-source): In this mode, you can develop your own project base on LiBai's framework.

Reviewer: 这里可以换成`based on LiBai`?

Author: 我发现下面一行也用了based，为了避免重复我参考了一下mmclassification的

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48727989/154412203-d6e0efd7-03e1-4ab4-ba54-0adb21d21f37.png)

Reviewer: `base` 换成 `based`

Author: 好，我去改一下

> ## Use LiBai as a Python library

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use LiBai as a Python Library
```

```bash
pip install libai
```

> ## Build LiBai from source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Build LiBai from Source
```
